it's Friday night August 31st 2012 and
the clock is ticking down to midnight
when at that time the track that opened
up in 1965 and was the jewel in the
crown of hardest racing in Canada we had
locked and closed never to open again
the provincial Cup winners plaques used
to be in that trophy case there John
Campbell's colors used to be in that
trophy case there they're all about
going the club host that used to be
filled with patrons now almost empty as
people are ready to depart for the last
time I think it's just ludicrous I think
there's no reason for this to have to
happen and it's not it's just something
just a sad sad day deciding for
everybody
people been here many many years it's
getting pretty dark around here now it's
almost time to turn out the lights and
lock the doors the bells and whistles
from the slots left and gone for a
couple months now there are no lights
outside indicating even winter Raceway
let alone OLG slots that's all a comment
taken down there's no kitchen equipment
left in the building air-conditioning
was gone a long time ago the building is
like a ghost town this was the track
that started in 1965 I joined up in 1969
and it's closing today August 31st 2012
this is the track where you saw the
careers beginning of such notables as
John Campbell top harness racing
multi-millionaire driver
everybody loves John started right here
at Windsor Joe de Frank the Godfather of
racing secretaries and horses like
Cardigan Bay who won the first
provincial come
yes the first provincial Cup which was a
highlight in Canada you remember that
day the cardigan day wind's coming in
from New Zealand and winning the
gigantic $15,000 purse the envy of every
horseman in North America
those days are memories now I want to
take this time to thank you for ever
visiting Wednesday Raceway we know that
the good memories will outlast the bad
ones you'll remember the good that
happened you remember the winners that
you have but you'll also remember the
losers too and how you just got beat at
the wire there are great memories plus
pluses and minuses you'll take with you
the fact that Windsor Raceway was a real
jewel and harness racing across Canada
and now we have to say goodbye after
thanking you for joining us at some
point during the last 47 years I'm Artie
Adler it's time to lock the doors
and my microphone is gone